Shanxi province has included foreign nationals in Shanxi (over 18 years old) in the eligible group of domestic-made COVID-19 vaccination.符合接种条件的外籍人士按照“知情自愿、风险自担”原则，可通过以下方式预约接种：In accordance with the principle of “informed, voluntary and at-own-risk”, eligible foreign nationals can make appointments on COVID-19 vaccination in the following ways: 一是原则上，在晋工作的外籍人士通过所在机构预约，高校外籍师生通过学校预约。First, foreign nationals working in Shanxi make appointments through their work units, and foreign teachers and students make appointments through the universities.二是可通过支付宝健康码、健康山西公众号（健康山西APP）、三晋通APP、微信支付医疗健康入口等4个自助登记查询平台进行线上预约。Second, foreign nationals in Shanxi make online appointments through four self-service registration and query platforms, including Alipay Health Code, Health Shanxi official WeChat account (Health Shanxi APP), Sanjintong APP, and WeChat Pay - Health.三是直接至定点接种单位预约。Third, foreign nationals can make appointment directly with the designated vaccination sites.各市结合本地实际，在综合考虑外籍人士分布的基础上，选择1-2个综合保障条件较好的固定接种点，作为外籍人士新冠病毒疫苗定点接种点，相关信息由各市另行公布。Considering the local situation and the distribution of foreign nationals, each city selects one or two fixed vaccination sites equipped with better facilities for foreign nationals to receive COVID-19 vaccination. The relevant information will be released by each city.已参加山西省社会保障医疗保险的外籍人士，享受与其他参保中国公民同等待遇，免费接种新冠疫苗。未参保的外籍人士，原则上自费接种疫苗。收费标准详情请咨询接种单位。Foreign nationals who have been covered by the social security and medical insurance of Shanxi Province enjoy the same treatment as the insured Chinese citizens and receive free vaccination, while those who are not insured are vaccinated at their own expense. Charging standards are available at each vaccination site.外籍人士凭中华人民共和国永久居留身份证或护照及有效停居留证件接种新冠疫苗。接种前，按程序签署知情同意书、免责承诺书等，做好个人防护并主动告知健康状况，由专业人员判定是否符合接种条件。接种完成后需在接种点留观区观察30分钟，无异常症状后才可以离开接种点。接种14天内请密切关注自身身体情况，如有不适，请及时就医。Foreign nationals should show their permanent residence ID card of the People’s Republic of China, passport or valid residence permit for vaccination. They are required to follow the procedures, including signing informed consent form and disclaimer, do personal protection and proactively inform medical personnel of their health status. Medical professionals should judge their eligibility of vaccination. After vaccination, the vaccinated should remain at the observation area for 30 minutes, and leave if there are no abnormal symptoms. The vaccinated should pay close attention to their physical condition within 14 days after vaccination. If there is any discomfort, they are suggested to consult doctor in time.接种疫苗后可以在一定程度上降低感染风险，但任何疫苗保护作用不可能100%，即使打完疫苗，也需要保持戴口罩、勤洗手、保持社交距离等良好卫生习惯。必要时请配合相关部门进行核酸检测。After vaccination, the risk of infection can be reduced to a certain extent. The protective effect of any vaccine cannot be 100%. Even after the vaccination, it is necessary to maintain good hygiene habits such as wearing a mask, washing hands frequently, and keeping social distance. If necessary, they are suggested to cooperate with relevant departments for nucleic acid test.山西省新冠肺炎疫情防控工作领导小组办公室Office of the Leading Group for the Prevention and Control of the COVID-19 Epidemic of Shanxi Province咨询电话： 0351-4040561 （省人民政府外事办涉外管理处）       0351-3580400 （省卫生健康委国际交流合作处）       0351-3580337 （省卫生健康委疾病预防控制处）Phone numbers for consulting: 0351-4040561 (Foreign Affairs Administration Division of Foreign Affairs Office of People’s Government of Shanxi Province)0351-3580400 (International Exchange and Cooperation Division of Health Commission of Shanxi Province)0351-3580337 (Disease Prevention and Control Division of Health Commission of Shanxi Province)